Writing stories section migration for 6 0 (#11635)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-stories/args.md

---
title: 'Args'
---

A story is a component with a set of arguments (props, slots, inputs, etc). “Args” are Storybook’s mechanism for defining those arguments as a first class entity that’s machine readable. This allows Storybook and its addons to live edit components. You do not need to change your underlying component code to use args.

When an arg’s value is changed, the component re-renders, allowing you to interact with components in Storybook’s UI via addons that affect args.

For a discussion on how and why to write stories with args, check the [using args](./introduction#using-args) section. For details on how args work, read on.

### Args object

The args object can be defined at the story and component level (see below). It is an object with string keys, where values can have any type that is allowed to be passed into a component in your framework.

### Story args

To define the args of a single story, use the `args` CSF story key:

```js
export const Primary = Story.bind({});
Primary.args = {
  primary: true,
  label: ‘Primary’,
}
```

<div style="background-color:#F8FAFC">

> TODO: ask dom/tom for clarity on the reuse link location

Reviewer: I think I was thinking of this: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BawdfqGhsP5tqhYQbVn29c6_rAz1ePmk9QayoXLDOKM/edit#heading=h.mjsq7rpmc8oq

Author: the link was updated per feedback

Primary.args = {
  primary: true,
  label: ‘Button’,
}

const Secondary = ButtonStory.bind({});
Secondary.args = {
  ...Primary.args,
  primary: false,
}
```
<div style="background-color:#F8FAFC">
needs to be vetted with frontpage and gatsby
</div>

> Note that if you are doing the above often, you may want to consider using [component-level args](#component-args).

Args are useful when writing stories for composite components that are assembled from other components. Composite components often pass their arguments unchanged to their child components, and similarly their stories can be compositions of their child components stories. With args, you can directly compose the arguments:

```js
/// Page.stories.js

import Page from ‘./Page’;
import * as Header from './Header.stories';

export const default {
  component: Page,
  title: ‘Page’,
};

const Story = (args) => <Page {...args} />
export const LoggedIn = Story.bind({});
LoggedIn.args = {
  ...Header.LoggedIn.args,
};
```

### Using args in addons

If you are [writing an addon](../api/addons#getting-started) that wants to read or update args, use the `useArgs` hook exported by `@storybook/api`:

```js

> import { useArgs } from ‘@storybook/api’;
> const [args, updateArgs] = useArgs();
> // To update one or more args:
> updateArgs({ key: ‘value’ });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { useArgs } from ‘@storybook/api’;
const [args, updateArgs, resetArgs] = useArgs();
// To update one or more args:
updateArgs({ key: ‘value’ });
// To reset one (or more) args:
resetArgs(argNames: ['key']);
// To reset all args:
resetArgs();
```

Reviewer: This API got extended a little.

Author: the snippet was updated per feedback

---
title: 'Args'
---

> A story is a component with a set of arguments (props, slots, inputs, etc). “Args” are Storybook’s mechanism for defining those arguments as a first class entity that’s machine readable. This allows Storybook and its addons to live edit components. You do not need to change your underlying component code to use args.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A story is a component with a set of arguments (props, slots, inputs, etc). “Args” are Storybook’s mechanism for defining those arguments as a first class entity that’s machine readable. This allows Storybook and its addons to live edit components. You *do not* need to change your underlying component code to use args.
```

Author: Fixed with latest commit

When an arg’s value is changed, the component re-renders, allowing you to interact with components in Storybook’s UI via addons that affect args.

> For a discussion on how and why to write stories with args, check the [using args](./introduction#using-args) section. For details on how args work, read on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn how and why to write stories with args [here](./introduction#using-args) section. For details on how args work, read on.
```

Author: Fixed with latest commit
